(baby-project-ktor) #3 Ktor POC chat app (#4)
TheTurkuForge/The-Turku-Forge-Playground: backend/kotlin/baby-project-ktor/README.md

# Baby Project Ktor POC

> this project was created to evaluate which is better for our use case, Spring Boot or Ktor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this POC is to evaluate Ktor and compare it to Spring Boot regarding our use case.
```

## Getting Started
### Docker
(comming soon)!
### Manual

> 1. Install java 11 (we recommend [Jenv](https://www.jenv.be/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Java 11
  - Pro Tip: To manage multiple versions of Java, you can use [Jenv](https://www.jenv.be/).
```

> 1. run `./gradlew application:run`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `./gradlew application:run`
```

> 1. Open browser `http://localhost:8080`

Reviewer: @dusan-turajlic Is it possible to configure the dev server to run in `https`?
```suggestion
1. Navigate to `http://localhost:8080` in your browser to see the running application
```

Reviewer 2: Yea it is but then you need to add a certificate to Ktos tomcat instance, but in a prod environment this would be done through docker so the load balancer and the tomcat could share the same cert, because most likely if it runs in multiple instances it will be `server1.domain.com` and `server2.domain.com` and a load balancer running on `domain.com` that way its encrypted all the way until it gets to a server

Author: Yes, but its a but more tricky because This Ktor project uses Tomcat under the hood, so yes you can specify a tomcat cert and there are ways to add the cert file throug application configs. But because its a POC there is really no need.

> No need for node in this porject since the UI is built with a CDN hosted version of tailwind
> and the code is POJ (Plain old javascript)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Node.js is unnecessary to run this POC since the UI is built with the CDN-hosted version of Tailwind CSS
and the frontend code is plain old JavaScript.
```

# Baby Project Ktor POC
The purpose of this POC is to evaluate Ktor and compare it to Spring Boot regarding our use case.
## Getting Started
### Docker
(comming soon)!
### Manual
1. Install Java 11

>   - Pro Tip: To manage multiple versions of Java, you can use [Jenv](https://www.jenv.be/).

Reviewer: I noticed GitHub needs an extra space here to properly display the markdown.
```suggestion
   - Pro Tip: To manage multiple versions of Java, you can use [Jenv](https://www.jenv.be/).
```
